Question 1
 What is the primary purpose of a two-dimensional array?

To represent a matrix-like structure with rows and columns 
To perform mathematical operations on numeric data
To iterate over a single-dimensional array
To store multiple elements of different types

Answer = To represent a matrix-like structure with rows and columns


Question 2
Which Class relationship indicates a weaker connection between classes, suggesting parts can exist independently?

Inheritance
Association
Aggregation
Composition

Answer = Aggregation


Question 3
All of the following are cloud service providers except ONE.

Which one of the following is NOT a cloud service provider?

Google Cloud Platform (GCP)
Microsoft Azure
Amazon Web Services (AWS)
Content Delivery Networks (CDNs)

Answer = Content Delivery Networks (CDNs)


Question 4
What does HTTPS (Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure) primarily provide?

Encryption for data exchanged between a user's browser and a web server
Secure email communication
File transfer capabilities
High-speed internet connections

Answer = Encryption for data exchanged between a user's browser and a web server


Question 5 
Which of the following is NOT a key component of a user-defined class?

Attributes
Constructors
If statements
Methods

Answer = if statements


Question 6
Public key encryption is also known as what?

Quantum Entanglement
Specific Encryption
Asymmetric Encryption
Symmetric Encryption

Answer = Asymmetric Encryption


Question 7
What is the primary advantage of CSS Flexbox in responsive design?

It is exclusively for styling text elements
It eliminates the need for media queries
It only works for desktop layouts
It provides more control over the distribution of items and their alignment

Answer = It provides more control over the distribution of items and their alignment


Question 8 
What is the process of modifying the behavior of an existing class in object-oriented programming called?

Abstraction
Polymorphism
Encapsulation
Inheritance

Answer = Polymorphism


Question 9 
Which mechanism allows a class to inherit attributes and behaviors from another class?

Polymorphism
Encapsulation
Inheritance
Abstraction

Answer = Inheritance


Question 10 
let result = 0;
for (let i = 0; i < 5; i++) {
    for (let j = 0; j <= i; j++) {
        result += j;
    }
}
console.log(result);

 What will be the output of the above code?

20
60
10
40

Answer = 20 


Question 11
What is a modifier method in object-oriented programming?

A method responsible for creating new objects
A method responsible for updating or modifying the state of an object
A method responsible for deleting objects
A method responsible for retrieving the state of an object

Answer = A method responsible for updating or modifying the state of an object


Question 12 
What type of search is less efficient in arrays when looking for a specific element?

Linear Search
Hash-based Search
Binary Search
Depth-First Search

Answer = Linear Search 


Question 13 
Which platform is commonly used for version control and collaboration on software development projects?

Dropbox
Google Drive
JSFiddle
GitHub

Answer = GitHub


Question 14
let matrix = [[1, 2], [3, 4]];
console.log(matrix[1][0] + matrix[0][1]);

What will be printed as the output of the above code?

5
3
4
6

Answer = 5 


Question 15
Which of the following statements is true about a class?

It can directly access the properties of an object.
It cannot have its own data or behavior.
It cannot exist without any reference to an object.
It can inherit properties and methods from another class.

Answer = It can inherit properties and methods from another class.


Question 16
Which of the following is an example of an HTML version that incorporates new features, semantic elements, and multimedia capabilities?

HTML 4.01
HTML5
XHTML
HTML+

Answer = HTML5


Question 17
Can you return different data types from different invocations of the same function?

Yes, but it requires explicitly declaring the return type for each invocation.
No, the return type of a function is fixed and consistent for all invocations.
Yes, when using polymorphism and inheritance, the return type can be determined dynamically at runtime.
Yes, but only if the function uses a switch statement to determine the return type.

Answer = Yes, when using polymorphism and inheritance, the return type can be determined dynamically at runtime.


Question 18
What is the appropriate way to name a variable name based on HTML conventions?

camelCase
kebab-case
snake_case
PascalCase

Answer = kebab-case 


Question 19
What does "boundary conditions" refer to in the context of nested loops?

The end of the code where loops are defined
Conditions that prevent loops from executing
Conditions for entering nested loops
Establish the range or scope of iterations for each loop.

Answer = Establish the range or scope of iterations for each loop.


Question 20 
class Circle:
    def __init__(self, radius):
        self.radius = radius

    def setRadius(self, newRadius):
        self.radius = newRadius

    def getRadius(self):
        return self.radius
}

circle1 = Circle(5)
circle1.setRadius(10)
radius = circle1.getRadius()

Which one of the following choices is a modifier methods in the Circle class?

__init__()
setRadius()
There are no modifier methods in the code
Circle(5)

Answer = setRadius()


Question 21
public class Rectangle {
    private int width;
    private int height;

    public void setWidth(int width) {
        this.width = width;
    }

    public void setHeight(int height) {
        this.height = height;
    }

    public int getWidth() {
        return width;
    }

    public int getHeight() {
        return height;
    }
}

Rectangle rectangle1 = new Rectangle();
rectangle1.setWidth(10);
rectangle1.setHeight(5);
int width = rectangle1.getWidth();

Which methods in the Rectangle class are modifier methods?

setWidth() and setHeight()
getWidth() and getHeight()
rectangle1.setWidth(10);  and  rectangle1.setHeight(5);
There are no modifier methods in the code

Answer = setWidth() and setHeight()


Question 22
If you are writing a program to determine if a number is even, which of the following data types would allow a true response to be reported when the number is even?

boolean
numeric
double
string

Answer = boolean 


Question 23
Which of the following is an example of social engineering?

Creating fake websites
Replicating a computer virus
Impersonating a trusted entity
Sending spam emails

Answer = Impersonating a trusted entity


Question 24
Which type of loop is represented by the pseudocode below?

 FOR index FROM 10 TO 1 STEP -1

    PRINT "Countdown: " + index

END FOR

While loop
 Do-while loop
For loop
Repeat-until loop

Answer = For loop


Question 25
What is the practice of structuring and presenting data in a specific layout or style called?

Output generation
Data formatting
Cross-platform compatibility
Input validation

Answer = Data formatting 


Question 26 
What does i-- do to the value of i?

multiplies current value of i by 2
adds 1 to the current value of i
subtracts 1 to the current value of i
multiplies the current value of i by 1

Answer = subtracts 1 to the current value of i


Question 27
Write an expression to correctly calculate the remainder when dividing 20 by 7.

7 / 20
20 / 7
7 % 20
20 % 7

Answer = 20 % 7


Question 28
What does WCAG stand for?

Web Content Accessibility Guidelines
W3C Control and Accessibility Guidelines
World Consortium for Accessibility and Guidelines
Web Compliance and Accessibility Group

Answer = Web Content Accessibility Guidelines


Questiom 29
What does latency refer to in the context of CDNs?

The delay between sending a request and receiving a response.
The number of edge servers in a CDN.
The distance between the user and the content server.
The number of cached items in the CDN.

Answer = The delay between sending a request and receiving a response.


Question 30
Which expression is evaluated first in this example,

2 + 3 * 4 ** 2 % 5,

according to the precedence of operations?

Exponentiation, ** 
Multiplication, *
Addition, +
Modulo, % 

Answer = Exponentiation, **


Question 31
What is the primary reason to avoid writing your own function when a standard library function exists for the task?

To avoid reinventing the wheel and use well-tested solutions
To improve the aesthetics of your code
To ensure that your code is faster
To avoid errors

Answer = To avoid reinventing the wheel and use well-tested solutions


Question 32
Which GUI object displays a list of options, and users can select one or multiple options from the list?

Radio Buttons
List Boxes
Text Boxes
Labels

Answer = List Boxses


Question 33 
Determine the highest precedence of operations in this example 10 + 12 * 5 % 3 - 2.

Multiplication
Subtraction
Modulo
Addition

Answer = Multiplication


Question 34
 What is the primary purpose of a two-dimensional array?

 To perform arithmetic calculations.
To organize data in rows and columns.
To create a one-dimensional array.
To store a single value or element.

Answer = To organize data in rows and columns.


Question 35
Which of the following HTTP status codes indicates a successful response from an API request?

404 Not Found
200 OK
500 Internal Server Error
302 Found

Answer = 200 OK


Question 36
 In which sector is regulatory compliance particularly important for specialty browsers?

Education
Gaming and entertainment
Healthcare and finance
Cross-platform compatibility

Answer = Healthcare and finance


Question 37
If x is defined at 6 what value with be returned? 30/x*3^2-8

316
217
37
45

Answer = 37


Question 38
Which project management tool visually represents tasks over time, often showing dependencies?

Kanban Board
Scrum Board
Gantt Chart
Risk Register

Answer = Gantt Chart


Question 39
let arr = [3, 5, 2, 1, 4];
arr.reverse();
console.log(arr);

What will be the output of the code snippet above?

[3, 5, 2, 1, 4]
[5, 4, 3, 2, 1]
[1, 2, 3, 4, 5]
[4, 1, 2, 5, 3]

Answer = [4, 1, 2, 5, 3]


Question 40
What is the recommended approach to identify errors in code by breaking it down into smaller parts and testing each part individually?

Use a debugger
Code review
Print statements
Divide and conquer

Answer = Divide and conquer


Question 41
What is the definition of the NOR operator?

NOR is the logical operator that returns true if either of the operands is true.
NOR is the logical operator that returns true if both operands are false.
NOR is the logical operator that returns true only if exactly one of the operands is true.
NOR is the logical operator that returns true if both operands are true.

Answer = NOR is the logical operator that returns true if both operands are false.


Question 42
Which one of the following is specifically used for free computer programs?

Open source
Creative commons
Public domain
Open Access

Answer = Open source


Question 43
A variable is often compared to what object?

A battery
A spring
An emtpy box
A funnel

Answer = An emtpy box


Question 44
Which statement accurately defines instance variables in object-oriented programming?

Instance variables are shared among all instances of a class
Instance variables are unique to each instance of a class and store specific data.
Instance variables are accessed using the class name.
Instance variables are initialized at the class level.

Answer = Instance variables are unique to each instance of a class and store specific data.


Question 45 
What is the primary goal of constructing web pages and applications that comply with ADA and sections 504 and 508 standards?

Improving website performance and speed
Ensuring equal access for individuals with disabilities
Meeting government regulations for website development
Enhancing search engine rankings

Answer = Ensuring equal access for individuals with disabilities


Question 46 
UML (Unified Modeling Language) class diagrams are used to represent:

The sequence of steps in a program's execution
The structure and relationships between classes in an object-oriented program
The hardware and software requirements for a program
The steps and expected results for testing a program

Answer = The structure and relationships between classes in an object-oriented program


Question 47 
How can logging help in handling unexpected return values?

By generating stack traces for debugging
By providing meaningful error messages to users
By capturing information for analysis and troubleshooting
By automatically fixing unexpected return values

Answer = By capturing information for analysis and troubleshooting


Question 48
What is refactoring?

The process of debugging code
The process of improving the structure, readability, and maintainability of code without changing its external behavior
The process of modifying existing code to change its functionality
The process of rewriting code from scratch

Answer = The process of improving the structure, readability, and maintainability of code without changing its external behavior


Question 49
Which type of system is more likely to involve paid support services?

Both open source and proprietary systems
Open source systems
Neither open source nor proprietary systems
Proprietary systems

Answer = Proprietary systems


Question 50
Which term describes the practice of converting data structures into a format suitable for storage, transmission, or reconstruction?

Localization
Data formatting
Serialization
Escaping

Answer = Serialization

Question 51
 Which step in the problem-solving approach involves coding, testing, and iterating?

Break down the problem
Implement the solution
Understand the problem
Evaluate and improve the solution

Answer = Implement the solution


Question 52
In responsive design, what does the term "progressive enhancement" refer to?

Enhancing the design progressively for larger screens
Starting with a complex design and simplifying it gradually
Enhancing features for more capable devices while providing a baseline experience on all devices
Ignoring enhancements for simplicity

Answer = Enhancing features for more capable devices while providing a baseline experience on all devices


Question 53
What is the purpose of FERPA?

To regulate the sharing of cyber threat information
To ensure the privacy of student education records
To protect sensitive patient health information
To protect the online privacy of children

Answer = To ensure the privacy of student education records


Question 54
Which sorting algorithm has an average and worst-case time complexity of O(n^2)?

Quick Sort
Bubble Sort
Counting Sort
Merge Sort

Answer = Bubble Sort


Question 55
What is the primary goal of code review in software development?

To ensure that all code is written by the same person.
To compile and validate the code before deployment.
To identify potential issues, improve code quality, and adhere to coding standards.
To find the shortest code solutions to problems.

Answer = To identify potential issues, improve code quality, and adhere to coding standards.


Question 56
 If you are writing a program to store the quotient and remainder as separate whole numbers, which of the following data types should be used when declaring the variables?

integer
string
double
float

Answer = integer 


Question 57
What is the primary concern when dealing with resource constraints in data storage and manipulation?

Ignoring resource usage.
Minimizing resource usage.
Maximizing resource usage.
Using any available resources.

Answer = Minimizing resource usage.


Question 58
What is the primary purpose of a class in object-oriented programming?

To define the data and behavior of an object.
To store variables and perform calculations.
To control the flow of a program.
To encapsulate unrelated functions.

Answer = To define the data and behavior of an object.


Question 59
Which code type is generally more portable?

Compiled code and interpreted code are equally portable
Interpreted code
Neither interpreted nor compiled code are very portable
Compiled code

Answer = Interpreted code 


Question 60
Which term describes the process of testing accessor methods in isolation?

Accessor Testing
Unit Testing
Chaining Testing
Property Testing

Answer = Unit Testing 


Question 61
What is the definition of the XOR operator?

XOR is the logical operator that returns true if both operands are false.
There is no XOR operator.
XOR is the logical operator that returns true if either, but not both, of the operands is true.
XOR is the logical operator that returns true if both operands are true.

Answer = XOR is the logical operator that returns true if either, but not both, of the operands is true.


Question 62
Which aspect of software development does a build system primarily address?

Designing user interfaces and user experiences
Writing and testing software algorithms
Analyzing and optimizing software performance
Building and packaging software artifacts

Answer = Building and packaging software artifacts


Question 63
What role does secure coding standards play in maintaining software integrity?

Standardizing coding styles
Preventing common security vulnerabilities
Raises awareness of potential security threats
Ensuring code redundancy

Answer = Preventing common security vulnerabilities


Question 64
Which regulation aims to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of health information?

COPPA
GDPR
PCS DSS
HIPAA

Answer = HIPAA


Question 65
What are fluid grids and flexible layouts in responsive design?

Techniques for optimizing website performance
Methods for enhancing website security
Approaches for creating dynamic and adaptable web content
Tools for generating responsive images

Answer = Approaches for creating dynamic and adaptable web content


Question 66
Which phase of the SDLC involves testing the system or application for any errors or bugs?

Design
Analysis
Testing
Development

Answer = Testing


Question 67
arr ← [5, 8, 2, 4, 9]
max ← max(arr)
output(max)

What will be the output of the code snippet above?

5
8
2
9

Answer = 9


Question 68
How can custom exception classes contribute to error recovery and graceful degradation?

By preventing exceptions from occurring
By providing alternative paths or fallback actions when exceptions occur
By completely eliminating the need for exception handling
By automatically handling exceptions without any user intervention

Answer = By providing alternative paths or fallback actions when exceptions occur


Question 69
What does the term "Object Construction Requirements" refer to in the context of programming documentation?

Details about object destruction
Information about object state
Guidelines for object inheritance
Specifications for creating objects

Answer = Specifications for creating objects


Question 70
Which platform is commonly used for version control and collaboration on software development projects?

GitHub
JSFiddle
Google Drive
Dropbox

Answer = Github 


Question 71
All of the following binary numbers are even EXCEPT ONE.

Which of one the following binary numbers are odd? 

1001010100101100
1000111111100100
0010100110111011
0100100110000100

Answer = 0010100110111011


Question 72
Which of the following is true about algorithmic efficiency?

It measures the complexity of the algorithm's code
It refers to the speed of the algorithm's execution
It determines the accuracy of the algorithm's results
It depends on the programming language used in the algorithm

Answer = It refers to the speed of the algorithm's execution


Question 73
What kind of file extension must be on the file for Python code to run?


.python
.html
.png
.css
.txt
.py
.js

Answer = .py


Question 74
What is the primary use case for hash maps?

Implementing queues
Representing stacks
Associating keys with values
Efficiently managing ordered collections

Answer = Associating keys with values


Question 75
Which search method is suitable for finding a specific word in an unsorted book?

Linear search
Hash search
Binary search
Quick search

Answer = Linear search


Question 76
class Circle:
    def __init__(self, radius):
        self.radius = radius

    def get_radius(self):
        return self.radius

    def set_radius(self, new_radius):
        self.radius = new_radius

circle1 = Circle(5)

Which method in the Circle class is the accessor method?

Circle(5)
self.radius = radius
get_radius()
set_radius(self, new_radius)

Answer = get_radius()


Question 77
What is the purpose of a media query in responsive design?

To serve different versions of a website to different browsers
To apply specific styles based on device characteristics
To control the flow and navigation of a web application
To optimize images for different devices

Answer = To apply specific styles based on device characteristics


Question 78
What is the purpose of implementing basic algorithms?

To enhance the program's user interface
To increase the program's security
To solve problems or perform tasks
To execute program instruction

Answer = To solve problems or perform tasks


Question 79
Which of the following are an example of multi-factor authentication?

Asking for the password to be entered twice
Answering a security question
Solving a Captcha puzzle
Asking for a code sent to a phone number

Answer = Asking for a code sent to a phone number


Question 80
Inheritance in OOP allows:

Objects to inherit properties from other objects
Objects to access private methods of other objects.
New classes to be created based on existing ones, inheriting their attributes and behaviors.
Objects to be encapsulated.

Answer = New classes to be created based on existing ones, inheriting their attributes and behaviors.


Question 81
The Agile methodology focuses on:

Promoting flexibility, collaboration, and continuous feedback.
Planning all stages before starting any coding
Developing a product in a linear fashion without changes
Releasing a final product only at the end of the process

Answer = Promoting flexibility, collaboration, and continuous feedback.


Question 82 
Which of the following statements is true about a class?

It can inherit properties and methods from another class.
It can directly access the properties of an object.
It cannot have its own data or behavior.
It cannot exist without any reference to an object.

Answer = It can inherit properties and methods from another class.


Question 83
Which code type tends to have faster execution speed?


Interpreted code
Whether code is interpreted or compiled has no impact on execution speed
Compiled and interpreted code have similar execution speeds
Compiled code

Answer = Compiled code


Question 84
What is the benefit of applying responsive design principles to web applications?

Enhanced security for web application data
Adaptation of layout and functionality to different screen sizes
Improved website loading speed
Consistent visual design across devices

Answer = Adaptation of layout and functionality to different screen sizes


Question 85
In Big-O notation, what does O(n^2) represent?


Linear time complexity.
Logarithmic time complexity.
Quadratic time complexity.
Constant time complexity.

Answer = Quadratic time complexity.


Question 86
Which of the following is true about a user-defined class?

It can only have methods but not attributes
It can have attributes (data) and methods (functions)
It cannot have both attributes and methods
It can only have attributes but not methods

Answer = It can have attributes (data) and methods (functions)


Question 87
Which of the following best describes class relationships in object-oriented programming?

The process of combining multiple classes into one.
The process of defining the behavior and properties of an object.
The process of creating objects from a class.
The way in which classes are related or connected to each other.

Answer = The way in which classes are related or connected to each other.


Question 88
What is the primary purpose of time complexity analysis using Big-O notation?

To guarantee the best-case scenario for an algorithm.
To provide a lower bound on an algorithm's performance.
To determine the exact execution time of an algorithm.
To compare and describe how the algorithm's runtime grows with input size.

Answer = To compare and describe how the algorithm's runtime grows with input size.


Question 89
How can you optimize nested loops for efficiency?

Reducing the number of iterations
Avoiding unnecessary iterations
Increasing the complexity of loop variables
Adding more loops for extra precision

Answer = Avoiding unnecessary iterations


Question 90 
What is the primary purpose of a two-dimensional array?

To organize data in rows and columns.
To store a single value or element.
To create a one-dimensional array.
To perform arithmetic calculations.

Answer = To organize data in rows and columns.


Question 91
While x is not equal to 1
    Do some tasks
End While
When do you get OUT of this loop?

When x is larger than 1
When x is larger than 0
When x  is assigned 1
When x is assigned -1

Answer = When x  is assigned 1


Question 92
What is the primary distinction between open source and proprietary systems?

Open source systems are always free of charge.
Open source systems encourage public collaboration and transparency.
Open source systems have closed-source code.
Open source systems prioritize vendor lock-in.

Answer = Open source systems encourage public collaboration and transparency.


Question 93
What is a key advantage of cloud-based computing?

Scalability and cost-efficiency.
Reduced latency in data transfer.
inflexible resource scaling.
Paying for unused computing resources.

Answer = Scalability and cost-efficiency.


Question 94
You're developing a program to ask the user for their age. You want to keep asking until they enter a valid age (a positive number). You want to ensure the prompt is shown at least once.
What type of loop would you use?

Do-while loop
An infinite loop
A for loop
While loop

Answer = Do-while loop


Question 95
In a truth table for a Boolean expression with three variables, how many rows will there be?

4
3
16
8

Answer = 8


Question 96
Given the following pseudocode: 

for ( _________ ; index < 8; index += 2)

       { output to console (index + " "); }

Which of the following correctly completes the for loop so that the numbers 4, 6, 8 are output?

index = 4
index = 1
index = 2
index = 0

Answer = index = 2 


Question 97
Why is App Store Optimization (ASO) important for an app’s success?

It provides users with exclusive in-app discounts
It increases the app's visibility in app store searches
It helps the app collect more user data
It allows users to avoid ads within the App

Answer = It increases the app's visibility in app store searches


Question 98
What is the impact of excessive HTTP requests on page loading speed?

Reduced resolution of graphics
Slower page loading
Faster page loading
Reduced server performance

Answer = Slower page loading


Question 99
How do you establish a connection to a database using SQL database applications?

QUERY
OPEN
CONNECT
CREATE

Answer = CONNECT

Question 100
What will be the value of matrix after executing this code?

matrix = [10, 20, 30, 40, 50]
matrix[2] = matrix[1] + matrix[4]

matrix = [10, 50, 20, 30, 40, 50]
 matrix = [10, 20, 70, 40, 50]
matrix = [10, 20, 70, 30, 40, 50]
matrix = [10, 50, 30, 40, 50]

Answer =  matrix = [10, 20, 70, 40, 50]


Question 101 
What is meant by  "software defects",  also known as vulnerabilities or bugs?

User documentation for the software
Design specifications of the software
Features in the software 
Flaws or weaknesses in software code or design

Answer = Flaws or weaknesses in software code or design


Question 102 
Which Git command is used to send local commits to a remote repository?

git push
git commit
git clone
git pull

Answer = git push


Question 103
arr ← [5, 8, 2, 4, 9]
max ← max(arr)
output(max)

What will be the output of the code snippet above?

9
8
2
5

Answer = 9


Question 104
De Morgan's Theorems are used to:

Optimize digital circuits
Perform bitwise operations
Simplify complex numbers
Evaluate Boolean expressions

Answer = Evaluate Boolean expressions


Question 105
What are secure coding practices in software development?

Best practices for preventing software bugs
Techniques for securing the physical infrastructure of software systems
Guidelines for writing code that is resistant to security vulnerabilities
Procedures for securely deleting data from storage devices

Answer = Guidelines for writing code that is resistant to security vulnerabilities


Question 106
What ethical principle aligns with the transparency and collaboration of open source systems?

Restriction of software distribution
User freedom and knowledge sharing
Intellectual property protection
Vendor-controlled software development

Answer = User freedom and knowledge sharing


Question 107
All of the following sorting algorithms directly modify the input array EXCEPT ONE.

Which one of the following sorting algorithm does NOT directly modifies the input array?

Merge sort
Selection sort
Bubble sort
In-place sorting

Answer = In-place sorting


Question 108
 What do rational operators evaluate to in a conditional statement?

Integer
Boolean
Float
String

Answer = Boolean 


Question 109
What is the binary representation of the decimal number 9?

1111
1100
1001
1010

Answer = 1001


Question 110
Why is it essential to understand the requirements for constructing new objects?

To reduce the risk of errors and unexpected behavior
To introduce inconsistencies in code
To minimize documentation usage
To complicate code readability

Answer = To reduce the risk of errors and unexpected behavior


Question 111
What will be the value of matrix after executing this code?

matrix = [10, 20, 30, 40, 50]
matrix[2] = matrix[1] + matrix[4]

matrix = [10, 50, 30, 40, 50]
matrix = [10, 20, 70, 30, 40, 50]
matrix = [10, 50, 20, 30, 40, 50]
matrix = [10, 20, 70, 40, 50]

Answer = matrix = [10, 20, 70, 40, 50]


Question 112
What is the purpose of parallel sorting algorithms?

To sort arrays without considering the order of elements.
To guarantee stable sorting.
To perform sorting operations on arrays with fewer elements.
To use multiple processors to improve sorting performance.

Answer = To use multiple processors to improve sorting performance.


Question 113
When is the use of open web standards like HTML and CSS most relevant?

When generating random numbers
When formatting data for a printed report
When encrypting sensitive data
When displaying data in a user interface

Answer = When displaying data in a user interface


Question 114
What ONE of the following is the best practice when creating variables?

Use more than one word when naming a variable to make it specific..
Name your variable something that refers to what it holds.
Create as many variables as possible.
Use one syllable words when creating variables.

Answer = Name your variable something that refers to what it holds.


Question 115
What does it mean to instantiate an object from a class in object-oriented programming?

Creating a new class based on an existing class.
Combining multiple classes into one.
Creating a new instance of a class that can hold data and execute methods.
Modifying an existing class to add new features.

Answer = Creating a new instance of a class that can hold data and execute methods.


Question 116
Which type of virus does not require the user to execute the payload?

Worm
Adware
Spyware
Trojan

Answer = Worm 


Question 117
Which of the following is an example of an iteration structure?

try-except
while
If-else
switch-case

Answer = while 


Question 118
What is the term for a loop that continues indefinitely because its exit condition is not met?

Infinite loop
Conditional loop
Endless loop
Recursive loop

Answer = Infinite loop


Question 119 
What is the primary function of Mobile Device Management (MDM) solutions?

Enabling remote meetings
Creating virtual desktop environments
Encrypting internet traffic
Managing and securing mobile devices used for remote work

Answer = Managing and securing mobile devices used for remote work


Question 120 
Which regulation aims to enhance cybersecurity by allowing the sharing of cyber threat information between private companies and the government?

FERPA
HIPAA
CISPA
COPPA

Answer = CISPA


Question 121
What is the purpose of passing arguments to parameters?

To assign values to parameters
To declare new variables
To create conditional statements
To return values from a function

Answer = To assign values to parameters


Question 122
Which type of web API is accessible to developers and users without restrictions, typically provided by companies or organizations to enable integration with their services or platforms?

Partner API
Composite API
Private API
Public API

Answer = Public API


Question 123
In the documentation for a class, the constructor method is described as follows:

Constructor:
- Car(options: object)
What does the options parameter represent?

A boolean value
An array of values
A configuration object with multiple properties
A single value

Answer = A configuration object with multiple properties


Question 124
All of the following can be used for nested loops except for one.

Which one of the following loop structures cannot be used in a nested loop?

for loop
while loop
switch loop
do-while loop

Answer = switch loop


Question 125
Which action helps maintain data integrity and security in email management?

Open attachments on emails
Open all emails promptly
Follow links on emails
Delete unrecognized emails

Answer = Delete unrecognized emails


Question 126
Why is accessibility important in graphics development?

To make graphical content inclusive for users with disabilities
To create vector graphics
To enhance graphics performance
To limit the use of graphics in software

Answer = To make graphical content inclusive for users with disabilities


Question 127 
class Student {
    constructor(name, age) {
        this.name = name;
        this.age = age;
    }

    setName(newName) {
        this.name = newName;
    }

    getName() {
        return this.name;
    }

    setAge(newAge) {
        this.age = newAge;
    }

    getAge() {
        return this.age;
    }
}

const student1 = new Student("John", 20);
student1.setName("Alice");
let name = student1.getName();

Which one of the modifier methods in the Student class is being used?

setAge()
setName()
getAge()
getName()

Answer = setName()


Question 128
Convert the decimal number 70 to hexadecimal.

3A
2E
46
5C

Answer = 46


Question 129
When performing arithmetic operations on integers, what is the potential issue to be aware of?

Rounding errors
Overflow or underflow
Precision loss
Type conversion errors

Answer = Overflow or underflow


Question 130
What does O(n^2) complexity indicate in the context of data manipulation?

Exponential time complexity.
Constant time complexity.
Quadratic time complexity.
Linear time complexity.

Answer = Quadratic time complexity.


Question 131
How many gigabytes are in a terabyte?

1000
1024
1 048 576
1 000 000

Answer = 1024


Question 132
let arr = [10, 20, 30, 40, 50];
let index = arr.findIndex((element) => element > 30);
console.log(index);

What will be the output of the code snippet above?

2
3
1
4

Answer = 3


Questiom 133
In object-oriented programming, what does the term "encapsulation" refer to?

The process of retrieving data from objects
The process of changing the state of an object
The process of bundling data and methods together within a class
The process of deleting objects from memory

Answer = The process of bundling data and methods together within a class


Question 134
initialize sum at 0

For each number i from 1 to 10
    If i is odd
        Add i to sum
    Else
        Exit the loop
    End If
End For

Output to console(sum)

What will be the output of the above code?

25
55
1
0

Answer = 1


Question 135
Why is Accessibility important in GUI design?

To make interfaces usable by individuals with diverse abilities
To synchronize data between the GUI and application logic
To adapt the GUI to different languages
To handle user input promptly

Answer = To make interfaces usable by individuals with diverse abilities


Questiom 136
What is the purpose of the "find and replace" feature in a program editor?

To search for specific pieces of code within the file
To compile and execute the code
To fix syntax errors in the code
To create backups of the code file

Answer = To search for specific pieces of code within the file


Question 137
What is the primary purpose of a two-dimensional array?

To iterate over a single-dimensional array
To perform mathematical operations on numeric data
To represent a matrix-like structure with rows and columns
To store multiple elements of different types

Answer = To represent a matrix-like structure with rows and columns


Question 138 
What is the primary objective of integration testing?

To test how different components interact and work together
To execute unit tests within a program.
To validate individual components in isolation.
To assess the performance of the entire system.

Answer = To test how different components interact and work together


Question 139
Which programming language is known for its simplicity and readability, making it suitable for beginners?

Python
Ruby
Java
JavaScript

Answer = Python


Question 140
What does decomposing a problem into smaller procedures allow developers to do?

Leave the problem-solving to someone else.
Ignore the problem's complexities.
Solve each part independently and then combine the solutions to solve the entire problem.
Avoid understanding the problem as a whole.

Answer = Solve each part independently and then combine the solutions to solve the entire problem.


Question 141
Which design pattern ensures that a class has only one instance and provides a global point of access to it?

Factory Method Pattern
Decorator Pattern
Singleton Pattern
Observer Pattern

Answer = Singleton Pattern


Question 142
What is space complexity in the context of sorting algorithms?

The time it takes for the algorithm to complete.
The amount of additional memory used by the algorithm.
The size of the input data.
The number of comparisons made by the algorithm.

Answer = The amount of additional memory used by the algorithm.


Question 143
Which term refers to the variables or values passed into a function or method when it is called?

Returns
Functions
Constants
Arguments

Answer = Arguments


Question 144
When pushing changes to a remote repository, which command is used to specify the remote branch to push to?

git branch
git push
git checkout
git remote

Answer = git push


Question 145
What is the primary distinction between open source and proprietary systems?


Open source systems have closed-source code.
Open source systems prioritize vendor lock-in.
Open source systems are always free of charge.
Open source systems encourage public collaboration and transparency.

Answer = Open source systems encourage public collaboration and transparency.


Question 146
What is a significant advantage of dedicated servers?

High performance and full control
Resource unpredictability
Low cost
Shared resources

Answer = High performance and full control


Question 147
Why is decomposing a large problem beneficial in software development?

It allows the problem to be ignored until a later time.
It guarantees that no errors will occur during the development process.
It helps in breaking down the problem into manageable tasks that can be solved independently.
It reduces the need for code testing and validation.

Answer = It helps in breaking down the problem into manageable tasks that can be solved independently.


Question 148
What is the advantage of using framework/library functions for data sanitization?

Provides more control over the sanitization process
Allows for manual validation and sanitization
Ensures standardized and reliable sanitization
Simplifies the process of input validation

Answer = Ensures standardized and reliable sanitization


Question 149 
In the Request-Response Model of API communication, what typically happens after the client sends a request to the API server?

The server terminates the connection with the client.
The client sends additional requests without waiting for a response.
The server processes the request and sends a response to the client.
The client immediately processes the response.

Answer = The server processes the request and sends a response to the client.


Question 150
How can custom exception classes contribute to error recovery and graceful degradation?

By preventing exceptions from occurring
By providing alternative paths or fallback actions when exceptions occur
By completely eliminating the need for exception handling
By automatically handling exceptions without any user intervention

Answer = By providing alternative paths or fallback actions when exceptions occur


Question 151













